It turns out that this is the treasure house of the Demon Sect
Demon Sect continues for thousands of years to produce files from various schools in the world
Millennium Monuments
That's the library over there.
This is the treasure
There is the gate protected by the Demon Sect
There is a kind of you who have guarded the clock for thousands of years and no one can break it
The legendary treasure can be invincible in the world
Would you like to try it?
I am invincible
Why be invincible
Okay, I've finished reading this protection.
Take me to the spell of heatstroke
Oops, it's said in the spell
Do you like me?
Wait a minute, the men are here.
Please help me choose a treasure to take away
Hmph, he's a beggar who can only bubble blindly
Dead mouse what keyboard
He's my fiance.
If anyone dares to talk nonsense again, be careful I will kill you